hi youtube this is mr. poetic Princeton
today I'm going to show you how to make
my suspicions hi I'm okay drink mix now
like the drunkest during a holiday it's
my birthday drink by the way and all the
other seasons let me show you guys my
ingredients that I used make it and I'm
gonna show you how to make you first and
foremost we have our smirnoff ice cake
vodka now I got this on sale today from
the liquor store it was actually $11
maybe like 12 something including tax it
was very inexpensive this right here is
pineapple juice and you need pineapple
juice as well there's orange juice I use
Sunny Delight because I really little
taste of it and gives it a sweeter vibe
now this drink is not hard for my a
means it's the drink that sneaks up on
you so many people can't even taste the
alcohol because when you finish with it
takes just like a pineapple cake I don't
know if you guys like final cake but it
tastes just like not the title
upside-down cake with a pineapple cake
with the cream cheese frosting
pineapples on side very sucky okay we're
going to start by i'm going to show you
guys when i'm going to use something so
this is my and hearty mixer and i have
an additional mixer and i just use the
cap to measure so first and foremost
we're going to take one cat fool of the
ice cake vodka and for now this is on a
serving for one if you wanted to do a
serving for 2 to 4 so 2 to 3 to the 4th
you use maybe about triple the amount of
what i'm going to show you
and now we're going to say the pineapple
juice and we're going to do two candles
hey and now we're going to take the
Sunny Delight orange juice and yuzu cat
fools by the way you guys to use any
type of morning shoes that you like for
this
okay youtubers and lastly we're going to
add the ice okay now I suggest that you
add the ice at your discretion I like my
drinks very I see the consistency i like
it to be like a snow cone so i'm going
to head a lot and my ice is shot to
capacity by the way i like some fine i
don't like getting chunky have blended
ice good night for me ok and now i'm
gonna shake it on be ready to go safely
and shakers we mix shake and blink
okay finish I'm gonna taste village guys
know how it tastes delicious is liable
to get you a lookbook but hey hey how
you doing going on in the bedroom
hmm absolutely delicious you guys check
it out going to the cocktail the 10 for
the day hey mr. footprint starting out
I'll make sure you comment rate lights
subscribe of goo